r/aws_ec2_client_vpn_endpoint_network_association: Adding option to apply additional security groups to target network (#7500)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/ec2_client_vpn_network_association.html.markdown

* `client_vpn_endpoint_id` - (Required) The ID of the Client VPN endpoint.
* `subnet_id` - (Required) The ID of the subnet to associate with the Client VPN endpoint.
* `security_groups` - (Optional) A list of up to five security groups to apply to the target network.

> * `vpc_id` - (Optional) The ID of the VPC in which the target network is locatated.  This is a required argument for assigning security groups to a network association.

Reviewer: Typo 😎 `located` although if we infer it from the subnet as mentioned above, this line can be removed.

* `client_vpn_endpoint_id` - (Required) The ID of the Client VPN endpoint.
* `subnet_id` - (Required) The ID of the subnet to associate with the Client VPN endpoint.

> * `security_groups` - (Required) A list of up to five custom security groups to apply to the target network. Not populating this parameter will result in the subnet inheriting the default VPC security group.  Regardless of what you choose,  you must define this parameter due to the AWS API automatically assigning the default VPC security group if no other groups are included in the call.

Reviewer: This should be updated back to `Optional`.

```suggestion
* `security_groups` - (Optional) A list of up to five custom VPC security groups to apply to the target network. Not populating this parameter will result in the subnet inheriting the default VPC security group. To remove all custom VPC security groups, this list must be configured to contain only the default VPC security group.
```
